1) To generate a training dataset, first decompress the KVC training set to the folder raw, and then run

    python generate_dataset.py {scenario} {users}

where {scenario} is desktop or mobile, and {users} is the number of training users in the dataset. The validation and evaluation users are chosen at random from the KVC training set, and their number is fixed at 1000. The preprocessed dataset in numpy and csv formats will be saved to the folder "datasets", under the subfolder "KVCsssNNN", where sss is the name of the scenario (desktop or mobile) and NNN is the number of training users.

2) To merge the dataset with extended features calculated from outside, use the command

    python merge_synth_features.py {dataset}

3) To train the model with a preprocessed dataset, use the command

    python train.py {dataset}

The hyperparameters of the model and the training process are set in the file conf.py; for example, K, the number of sets per batch, the model width MODEL_WIDTH, or the hyperparameter \beta of the proposed Set2Set loss function. Several alternative configuration files are included in the repository:

    conf.small.1Kusers.py			- training configuration for the small ablation study model
    conf.large.desktop.113Kusers.py		- training configuration for the large desktop model that achieved 1st place in the KVC
    conf.large.mobile.68Kusers.py		- training configuration for the large mobile model that achieved 1st place in the KVC 

To use the above, the file conf.py must be overwritten with their content.

4) To evaluate a trained model, use the command

    python evaluate.py {dataset}

The script will calculate average per-user EER and global EER for a varying set of gallery samples (here G=1,2,5,7,10, which can be set in the script). Note that it is not mandatory to evaluate the model with the same dataset as trained, but the number of input features of training and evaluation dataset must coincide.

5) To train or evaluate the model with a dataset other than the one from KVC, simply replace the KVC file SSS_dev_set.npy in the folder raw/SSS, where SSS is either "desktop" or "mobile", and rerun steps 1 to 4. Note that the input datasets must follow the same format as the KVC dataset. Specifically, they must consist of:

	*) A dictionary of users, where the username (string) serves as the key and the value is:

		*) A dictionary of samples, where the sample ID (string) serves as the key and the value is a numpy array containing:

			1) The timestamp of the key press event.

			2) The timestamp of the key release event.

			3) The ASCII code of the key.